sreadiness.spec: no
pystack.spec: no
py2-bz2file.spec: ok
bz2lib: no
p5-extutils-makemaker: no
py2-scipy.spec: ok
py2-numpy: ok
p5-test-simple.spec: no
yui.spec: no
sreadiness: no
cmsweb-analytics.spec: no
py2-py.spec: ok
overview: no
libtiff: no
PHEDEX-admin: no
wmagent-dev.spec: no
p5-cgi.spec: no
p5-ipc-cmd: no
dcap.spec: no
PHEDEX-webapp.spec: no
py2-pep8.spec: ok
p5-test-simple: no
p5-log-log4perl.spec: no
classlib.spec: no
wmagent: no
p5-crypt-blowfish.spec: no
p5-text-glob: no
py2-docutils.spec: ok
PHEDEX-combined-agents: no
p5-log-dispatch-filerotate.spec: no
p5-json-xs: no
py2-jsonpath-rw: ok
d3.spec: no
classlib: no
py2-pycrypto.spec: ok
crabhb.spec: no
sqlite.spec: no
t0_reqmon.spec: no
PHEDEX-combined-agents.spec: no
xz.spec: no
couchapp: no
py2-pyrex: no
py2-pystemmer.spec: ok
py2-geoip.spec: no
crabcache: no
yajl: no
p5-poe-component-child: no
p5-package-constants.spec: no
libevent.spec: no
py2-netaddr.spec: ok
couchskel: no
frontend.spec: no
wmarchive.spec: no
couchdb: ok
py2-sphinx.spec: ok
py2-smmap.spec: ok
yui3.spec: no
p5-extutils-makemaker.spec: no
bz2lib.spec: no
PHEDEX-datasvc.spec: no
py2-mock.spec: ok
db4.spec: no
p5-parse-cpan-meta: no
py2-funcsigs.spec: ok
lifecycle-das.spec: no
py2-py: ok
beautifulsoup.spec: no
py2-psutil.spec: ok
p5-xml-dom: no
py2-yajl: no
cherrypy.spec: ok
p5-xml-parser.spec: no
sitedb: no
spidermonkey: no
py2-formencode: ok
p5-monalisa-apmon.spec: no
onlinesystemtools: no
valgrind.spec: no
yui: no
apache24: no
py2-restkit.spec: no
py2-psycopg2.spec: ok
openldap.spec: no
reqmon.spec: no
adns.spec: no
py2-bz2file: ok
geoip.spec: no
p5-cpan-meta.spec: no
PHEDEX-web: no
extjs: no
openssl: no
compsec.spec: no
dcap: no
t0wmadatasvc: no
couchskel.spec: no
dqmgui.spec: no
py2-httplib2: ok
compsec: no
t0: no
zlib.spec: no
py2-marshmallow.spec: ok
p5-version: no
libxslt.spec: no
popdbweb.spec: no
srmcp.spec: no
autotools: no
py2-python-dateutil.spec: ok
condor.spec: ok
libidn: no
p5-mail-rfc822-address: no
reqmgr2: no
libtiff.spec: no
confdb: no
p5-version.spec: no
py2-ipython: ok
lifecycle-das: no
zeromq.spec: no
PHEDEX-micro.spec: no
reqmgr2.spec: no
mod_wsgi: no
py2-sqlalchemy.spec: ok
xrootd: no
stagemanager.spec: no
cmsweb-analytics: no
py2-pyxml: no
p5-json-xs.spec: no
adns: no
py2-zsi.spec: no
wmagent-dev: no
dbs3-pycurl-client.spec: no
p5-apache-dbi.spec: no
vw.spec: no
p5-xml-dom.spec: no
py2-pydoop.spec: no
mongo.spec: no
py2-scikit-learn.spec: ok
p5-cpan-meta: no
stagemanager: no
py2-retry.spec: ok
crabserver: no
elementtree.spec: no
protobuf.spec: ok
crabtaskworker: no
yuicompressor: no
freetype: no
p5-apache24-modssl.spec: no
lapack: no
dbs-client.spec: no
comp.spec: no
py2-nltk: no
das_client.spec: no
sitedb.spec: no
PHEDEX-datasvc: no
p5-crypt-blowfish: no
p5-linux-pid: no
py2-elasticsearch: ok
py2-mysqldb.spec: no
py2-pyparsing.spec: ok
p5-apache24-modssl: no
crabclient.spec: no
p5-module-load: no
py2-pil: no
condor: ok
gdbm: no
py2-yaml: no
freetype.spec: no
p5-cgi: no
cherrypy32.spec: no
oracle: no
libxml2: no
py2-memcached.spec: no
p5-extutils-parsexs.spec: no
readline: ok
dls-client.spec: no
py2-pyrex.spec: no
openldap: no
gcc.spec: no
crabtaskworker.spec: no
p5-clone.spec: no
oracle-env.spec: no
py2-gitdb: ok
protovis.spec: no
geoip: no
libuuid.spec: no
py2-zmq: no
p5-monalisa-apmon: no
p5-cgi-session: no
libpng.spec: no
python-ldap: no
p5-module-build: no
py2-stomp: no
cmake: no
py2-setuptools: ok
scons: no
p5-apache2-modssl.spec: no
py2-lint.spec: no
boost: no
valgrind: no
pystack: no
apache-setup.spec: no
filemover: no
py2-pymongo.spec: ok
p5-clone: no
erlang: no
py2-pyopenssl.spec: ok
py2-adns.spec: no
dbs3-combined.spec: no
rats: no
curl.spec: no
libpq.spec: no
DCAFPilot: no
p5-locale-maketext-simple.spec: no
libyaml: no
mod_perl24: no
py2-nose: ok
root: no
p5-sort-key: no
fftw3: no
py2-retry: ok
py2-coverage: no
PHEDEX: no
py2-lxml: ok
crabhb: no
stagemanager-agent: no
sqlite: no
py2-gitpython: ok
py2-mysqldb: no
gcc: no
alertscollector: no
oracle.spec: no
p5-poe.spec: no
protobuf: ok
cherrypy: ok
py2-sqlalchemy: ok
beautifulsoup: no
mod_perl2.spec: no
py2-shapefile.spec: no
c-ares.spec: no
p5-common-sense.spec: no
py2-pandas.spec: ok
cherrypy38.spec: no
lifecycle-dataprovider.spec: no
expat: no
libevent: no
curl: no
pcre.spec: no
dls-client: no
py2-adns: no
p5-poe: no
py2-funcsigs: ok
fakesystem.spec: no
dbs3: no
p5-mail-rfc822-address.spec: no
gitweb: no
py2-httplib2.spec: ok
dbs3-migration.spec: no
libxslt: no
p5-common-sense: no
py2-cx-oracle: no
d3: no
nmap: no
py2-ply: ok
gfortran-macosx: no
elementtree: no
py2-psutil: ok
apache24-setup: no
py2-pycurl.spec: ok
p5-parse-cpan-meta.spec: no
dqmgui: no
libxml2.spec: no
mechanize.spec: no
py2-matplotlib: ok
py2-argparse.spec: ok
p5-log-dispatch.spec: no
py2-matplotlib.spec: ok
openssl.spec: no
py2-gitdb.spec: ok
jemalloc: no
py2-ply.spec: ok
stagemanager-agent.spec: no
overview.spec: no
py2-zmq.spec: no
mod_perl24.spec: no
boost.spec: no
p5-dbi: no
py2-pygments: ok
py2-prettytable: ok
xrootd.spec: no
cherrypy31.spec: no
xgboost.spec: no
py2-lxml.spec: ok
lapack.spec: no
gdb.spec: no
apache24.spec: no
couchdb15.spec: no
xz: no
memcached: no
py2-pydoop: no
xregexp.spec: no
p5-attribute-handlers.spec: no
icu4c.spec: no
p5-module-build.spec: no
bigcouch: no
py2-libnmap.spec: no
py2-pep8: ok
dbs3-migration: no
p5-apache-dbi: no
py2-argparse: ok
lifecycle-dataprovider: no
python-ldap.spec: no
p5-test-harness: no
p5-dbd-sqlite.spec: no
p5-dbd-oracle: no
p5-digest-sha1: no
p5-time-hires.spec: no
p5-digest-sha1.spec: no
asyncstageout.spec: no
py2-geoip: no
py2-avro.spec: no
py2-coverage.spec: no
erlang.spec: no
dbs3-client.spec: no
py2-pysqlite.spec: no
rotatelogs.spec: no
xregexp: no
py2-stomp.spec: no
p5-dbd-oracle.spec: no
gmp.spec: no
py2-pymongo: ok
dbs3.spec: no
autotools.spec: no
PHEDEX-lifecycle.spec: no
py2-whoosh: ok
py2-six.spec: ok
gdbm.spec: no
PHEDEX-webapp: no
zeromq: no
gsl: no
ncurses.spec: no
libpq: no
dbs3-client: no
py2-pyxml.spec: no
py2-netaddr: ok
py2-pbr: ok
PHEDEX-combined-web: no
p5-archive-tar: no
libtool: no
p5-digest-hmac: no
wmagent.spec: no
py2-py4j.spec: ok
py2-pytz.spec: ok
p5-module-load.spec: no
py2-future.spec: ok
p5-package-constants: no
expat.spec: no
pcre: no
PHEDEX-micro: no
workqueue.spec: no
wmarchive: no
py2-pysqlite: no
py2-mox: no
py2-cjson: no
gsl.spec: no
p5-attribute-handlers: no
py2-formencode.spec: ok
java-jdk: no
popdbweb: no
py2-yajl.spec: no
castor.spec: ok
py2-jinja.spec: no
p5-extutils-cbuilder.spec: no
extjs.spec: no
libpng: no
py2-elasticsearch.spec: ok
py2-cheetah: no
gmp: no
webtools.spec: no
python.spec: no
victorweb.spec: no
py2-ipython.spec: ok
spidermonkey.spec: no
reqmgr: no
rats.spec: no
PHEDEX-web.spec: no
p5-time-hires: no
apache-setup: no
alertscollector.spec: no
py2-simplejson: ok
py2-whoosh.spec: ok
py2-simplejson.spec: ok
srmcp: no
py2-jinja: no
acdcserver: no
apache24-setup.spec: no
reqmon: no
couchapp.spec: no
py2-avro: no
mariadb.spec: no
p5-log-dispatch: no
t0wmadatasvc.spec: no
p5-ipc-cmd.spec: no
scons.spec: no
happyface.spec: no
skipfish.spec: no
frontend: no
crabserver.spec: no
py2-python-dateutil: ok
py2-sqlalchemy10: no
p5-extutils-parsexs: no
py2-mongoengine: no
p5-perl-ostype: no
py2-cx-oracle.spec: no
django: ok
p5-module-load-conditional: no
python: no
py2-py4j: ok
vw: no
apache2.spec: no
p5-module-metadata.spec: no
gmake.spec: no
py2-sqlobject.spec: ok
dbs-client: no
p5-test-harness.spec: no
couchdb15: no
py2-prettytable.spec: ok
py2-docutils: ok
libidn.spec: no
victorweb: no
rotatelogs: no
py2-pytest.spec: ok
libungif.spec: no
p5-params-check.spec: no
django.spec: ok
py2-pyopenssl: ok
p5-linux-pid.spec: no
p5-crypt-cbc: no
py2-smmap: ok
py2-lint: no
oracle-env: no
py2-nltk.spec: no
py2-pycurl: ok
nmap.spec: no
p5-xml-parser: no
naturalearthdata.spec: no
DMWMMON-datasvc: no
mod_wsgi.spec: no
py2-numpy.spec: ok
PHEDEX-lifecycle: no
py2-jsonpath-rw.spec: ok
zlib: no
py2-sphinx: ok
py2-marshmallow: ok
jemalloc.spec: no
py2-cx-oracle51: no
py2-yaml.spec: no
das.spec: no
p5-locale-maketext-simple: no
protovis: no
skipfish: no
wmcore-devtools.spec: no
confdb.spec: no
py2-pbr.spec: ok
py2-mongoengine.spec: no
libjpg: no
py2-scikit-learn: ok
gitweb.spec: no
py2-scipy: ok
PHEDEX.spec: no
java-jdk.spec: no
PHEDEX-admin.spec: no
py2-restkit: no
py2-future: ok
c-ares: no
fftw3.spec: no
p5-params-check: no
py2-sqlalchemy10.spec: no
mariadb: no
das: no
p5-io-zlib: no
p5-params-validate: no
root.spec: no
p5-extutils-cbuilder: no
p5-dbi.spec: no
PHEDEX-combined-web.spec: no
apache2: no
py2-mox.spec: no
p5-crypt-cbc.spec: no
mechanize: no
wmcore-devtools: no
py2-zsi: no
happyface: no
libtool.spec: no
filemover.spec: no
mongo: no
icu4c: no
py2-mock: ok
py2-pil.spec: no
couchdb.spec: ok
p5-compress-zlib: no
readline.spec: ok
DMWMMON-datasvc.spec: no
p5-module-load-conditional.spec: no
igprof.spec: no
libyaml.spec: no
yajl.spec: no
crab-devtools: no
libjpg.spec: no
p5-log-dispatch-filerotate: no
py2-cjson.spec: no
gccxml.spec: no
p5-perl-ostype.spec: no
castor: ok
py2-pystemmer: ok
p5-cgi-session.spec: no
acdcserver.spec: no
p5-poe-component-child.spec: no
xgboost: no
p5-compress-zlib.spec: no
p5-params-validate.spec: no
p5-text-glob.spec: no
py2-pyparsing: ok
py2-six: ok
p5-log-log4perl: no
igprof: no
py2-gitpython.spec: ok
crab-devtools.spec: no
fakesystem: no
yuicompressor.spec: no
p5-digest-hmac.spec: no
db4: no
p5-sort-key.spec: no
py2-cx-oracle51.spec: no
dbs3-pycurl-client: no
ncurses: no
bigcouch.spec: no
gmake: no
py2-setuptools.spec: ok
py2-pycrypto: ok
py2-cheetah.spec: no
crabcache.spec: no
py2-pytz: ok
py2-nose.spec: ok
p5-text-unaccent.spec: no
cmake.spec: no
py2-pytest: ok
py2-pygments.spec: ok
py2-pandas: ok
DCAFPilot.spec: no
p5-text-unaccent: no
asyncstageout: no
t0.spec: no
yui3: no
t0_reqmon: no
crabclient: no
gdb: no
py2-libnmap: no
p5-module-metadata: no
p5-archive-tar.spec: no
py2-sqlobject: ok
reqmgr.spec: no
p5-io-zlib.spec: no
workqueue: no
mod_perl2: no
libuuid: no
